SpeedTree License
1. User will comply with all requirements imposed upon Lockheed Martin Corporation by third party service providers and licensors, including, without limitation, Interactive Data Visualization, Inc. ("IDV").
2. User acknowledges and agrees that it is not a third party beneficiary of any agreements between Lockheed Martin Corporation and its third party service providers and licensors, including, without limitation, IDV.
3. User acknowledges and agrees that IDV is and shall be a third party beneficiary of the Prepar3D End User License Agreement.
4. User acknowledges and agrees that no claim, action, or demand shall lie against IDV with respect to any loss, cost, liability, damages, or expense arising out of or related to the Prepar3D End User License Agreement or the IDV Software / Programs.  For purposes of clarity, User shall not file any suit or bring any cause of action against IDV with respect to the Prepar3D End User License Agreement or the IDV Software / Programs.
5. User acknowledges that IDV has not made any warranties to User with respect to the IDV Software / Programs, that IDV expressly disclaims implied warranties of merchantibility or fitness for a particular purpose, and that IDV has no obligation to honor any warranties that Lockheed Martin Corporation may provide to User in the Prepar3D End User License Agreement or otherwise.
6. Neither User nor any of its agents or consultants shall assign, sublicense, transfer, reproduce, copy, modify, disassemble, decompile, or otherwise reverse engineer any portion of the IDV Software / Programs; 
7. User shall adhere to all applicable laws, regulations and rules relating to the export of technical data and shall not export or re-export any technical data, any products received from Lockheed Martin Corporation, or the direct product of such technical data to any proscribed country listed in such applicable laws, regulations and rules unless properly authorized.
8. The model placement data stored in files created by the Prepar3D application is not a result or proceed of IDV Software/SpeedTree.  Screenshots and video content captured during normal use of the Prepar3D application are not results/proceeds of IDV Software/SpeedTree.  